v1.8.0 doc updates (#314)
InterDigitalInc/AdvantEDGE: index.md

------

**_What's New in v1.8.0!_**

> :zap: **Latest edge services :sunglasses: :point_right: [Edge Platform Application Enablement]({{site.baseurl}}{% link docs/overview/edge-services/overview-edge-services.md %}#edge-platform-application-enablement-service) and [Application Mobility]({{site.baseurl}}{% link docs/overview/edge-services/overview-edge-services.md %}#application-mobility-service) to :rocket: boost up your edge apps!**

Reviewer: ```suggestion
:zap: **New edge native services:  [ETSI MEC011 - Edge Platform Application Enablement]({{site.baseurl}}{% link docs/overview/edge-services/overview-edge-services.md %}#edge-platform-application-enablement-service) and [ETSI MEC021 - Application Mobility]({{site.baseurl}}{% link docs/overview/edge-services/overview-edge-services.md %}#application-mobility-service) to boost up your edge apps! :rocket:**
```

> :zap: **Improved metrics & storage with :earth_americas: [Geospatial network KPIs]({{site.baseurl}}{% link docs/overview/features/overview-features.md %}#geospatial-subsystem) and :card_file_box: [Metrics long-term storage]({{site.baseurl}}{% link docs/overview/features/overview-features.md %}#monitoring-subsystem)**

Reviewer: ```suggestion
:zap: **Improved network emulation & metrics:  [Geospatial network KPIs]({{site.baseurl}}{% link docs/overview/features/overview-features.md %}#geospatial-subsystem) :earth_americas: provide network signal emulation based on terminal location**

:zap: **Long term storage support: [Metrics long-term storage]({{site.baseurl}}{% link docs/overview/features/overview-features.md %}#monitoring-subsystem) :card_file_box: integration with Thanos & MinIO **
```

> :zap: **General :hammer_and_wrench: Maintenance fixes**

Reviewer: ```suggestion
:zap: **General Maintenance fixes :hammer_and_wrench:**
```

> :zap: **"_Old New_" :wink: you can still easily reach out to the team by initiating [:octocat: Discussion](https://github.com/InterDigitalInc/AdvantEDGE/discussions)**

Reviewer: ```suggestion
:zap: **"_Old New_" :wink: you can still easily reach out to the team by initiating [GitHub Discussion](https://github.com/InterDigitalInc/AdvantEDGE/discussions) :octocat:**
```
